document changes in library-loading, update build-UCX-from-source docs (#1099)
rapidsai/ucx-py: docs/source/install.rst

    conda create -n ucx -c conda-forge \
        automake make libtool pkg-config \
        "python=3.12" "setuptools>=64.0" "cython>=3.0.0"

.. note::
    The Python version must be explicitly specified here.
    See https://docs.rapids.ai/install/ for the list of supported Python versions

>     for recent RAPIDS releases.

Reviewer: I think this is not the most user-friendly way to phrase this here, unfortunately we do not have UCX-Py explicitly documented in https://docs.rapids.ai/install/ which has a different versioning scheme than the rest of RAPIDS, and thus it would be difficult for someone to understand what Python version is supported for UCX-Py based solely on the RAPIDS version. I agree the way it was documented isn't optimal and I can't think of a better way to do this differently than what it was either.

Author: Sure, that makes sense. My main motivation here was to avoid a hard-coded list of versions, since duplicating that kind of information in multiple places makes it more likely that it'll become out of date.

That said.... we do have a `rapids-reviser` template set up to replace this line when we roll out add-a-new-Python-version updates to all of RAPIDS.

I'll revert this change based on your comments here.

Reviewer: I agree that would be ideal, unfortunately I think it's not helpful for the users given the different branching.

How does the `rapids-reviser` work? Can we easily make it replace arbitrary code/docs lines?

Author: Alright, no prob! I've reverted that change here.

> Can we easily make it replace arbitrary code/docs lines?

Yes totally! You give it a shell script and say "run this on these repos". This type of case is easy to automatically update there with `sed`, not a problem.

>     The Python version must be explicitly specified here.
>     See https://docs.rapids.ai/install/ for the list of supported Python versions
>     for recent RAPIDS releases.

Author: ```suggestion
    The Python version must be explicitly specified here, UCX-Py currently supports
    Python versions 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12.
```

        dask distributed cloudpickle

> UCX >= 1.15.0

Reviewer: You are right we don't officially support UCX < 1.15.0, nevertheless UCX-Py should still work with UCX >= 1.11.1, so the versions were left for the benefit of users who may still need older versions. In any case, I think it's fine to keep this bump in the docs too.

Author: Oh I didn't realize that was intentional. Happy to revert this if you want.

Reviewer: No, it's ok to leave it like that. UCX < 1.15.0 is ancient anyway.

Author: Ha ok, thank you, sounds good.

The following instructions assume you'll be installing UCX-Py on a CUDA-enabled system, in a pip-only environment.

Installing UCX-Py from source in a pip-only environment has additional limitations when compared to conda environments.

UCX-Py with UCX from PyPI
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> CUDA-enabled builds of the UCX libraries are available from PyPI, under the names ``libucx-cu{11,12}``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CUDA-enabled builds of the UCX libraries are available from PyPI, under the names ``libucx-cu{11,12}``. 
Notice that those builds do not currently include InfiniBand support, if InfiniBand is required you will 
need to provide a custom UCX install as described in the "UCX-Py with custom UCX install" section.
```
